[3308][15.0][MIG] website_sale_wishlist_menuitem: Migration to 15.0 (#322)
qrtl/sst-custom: website_sale_wishlist_menuitem/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does the following:

> * This module adds a menuitem for internal user to check all the wishlist products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds a menuitem for internal users to be able to check/manage the wishlist content in the backend.
```
